Update documentation with RAP API implementation (#1232)
opensafely-core/job-runner: DEVELOPERS.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RAP agent communicates with the RAP controller via an [http API (a Django app)](controller.webapp/), using the [Controller TasksAPI](#controller-task-api)
```

### The RAP Controller

The RAP Controller has one entrypoint:

- [controller.main](./controller/main.py) polls its database for
    active jobs and takes appropriate action. This involves creating RUNJOB tasks for
    new jobs, creating CANCELJOB tasks for jobs which have been cancelled, retrieving
    associated tasks for running jobs and updating their status.

Jobs are created via the [RAP API](#rap-api) `create` endpoint and the [create_or_update_jobs](./controller/create_or_update_jobs.py) module does the bulk of the work.

Only the Controller has access to its database of Jobs and Tasks.

### The RAP Controller APIs

This is a very simple [Django application](./controller.webapp/) that allows external

> applications and users to communicate with the Controller.

Reviewer: Maybe add something like:
Users of the RAP Controller APIs may be Agents inside backends (which consume the [Controller Task API](#controller-task-api)) or clients in the outside world e.g. job server (which consume the [RAP API](#rap-api)).

#### Controller Task API
It has two endpoints, and uses the same backend-specific token from job-server to
authenticate. These endpoints are essentially view wrappers around methods in the
controller's [tasks api module](./controller/task_api.py):

- `/<backend>/tasks/`: returns all active tasks for <backend>
- `/<backend>/task/update/`: receives information about a task and updates the controller database

#### RAP API

The RAP API is used by non-agent clients to communicate with the RAP Controller. It has four endpoints which are defined in the [rap api views](./controller/webapp/views/rap_views.py) module. They are authenticated by the tokens received as part of jobserver's request.

- `/backend/status/`: returns information about the status of backends. This endpoint is polled every minute.
- `/rap/cancel/`: cancels jobs within a specific job request.
- `/rap/create/`: creates jobs for a job request.

> - `/rap/status/`: returns current status of jobs after the controller database has been updated by the `create_or_update_jobs` module. This endpoint is polled every minute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/rap/status/`: returns current status of jobs in the controller database for the requested RAP IDs. This endpoint is polled by job-server every minute.
```
(The create_or_update_jobs module is used by the /create/ endpoint; the status endpoint will return new jobs that were created by the create endpoint, but only when job-server asks for them. It'll also return new job status as jobs are updated by the agent, so I think the relevant thing is that it'll return the jobs as they currently are in the controller db, regardless of what updated them)
